so she just wanted to hear it from hos
mouth that he's not trying to I said Adi
I'm not transphobic leadership and
followership this video is part of a
short playlist on this channel
discussing situations in which vegan
followers rise up against their
leadership activists decide to challenge
the authority of the vegan organizations
they're members of this has been
happening on a massive scale within
Anonymous for the voiceless AV and right
now simultaneously it's also happening
within DX EE direct action everywhere
probably should be happening at peda
whole bunch of other organizations that
frankly are garbage alright this is an
interesting phenomenon within the vegan
movement and right now like within the
last 48 hours the leadership of
Anonymous for the voiceless has really
been challenged and a long list of
chapters of local organizations have
risen up and rebelled and said they're
exiting anonymous voices now why there
are maybe three reasons and this video
is dealing with the least important of
the reasons I'm gonna have at least one
sequel to this probably uploaded within
the next two or three hours the least
important reason is a controversy over
transphobia allegations that Paul Bashir
was transphobic in just a moment you're
gonna see edited video of Paul giving
his own side of the case the deeper and
broader issues which we will deal with
in the sequel to this in part 2 are
questions of the actual structure
organization and leadership of anonymous
to the voiceless itself which have been
discussed in great depth on this YouTube
channel in the past I've spoken to
insiders from the organization I've also
spoken to like disaffected
former leaders former participants who
quit there's a lot wrong with anonymous
for voiceless and there are reasonably
profound reasons people quit so actually
one of the organizers in New Jersey
reached out to Paul she wanted to take a
call she kept following it up and she
kept saying it's urgent and she wanted
to take a call with or and myself so we
took a call with her and then one of the
other organizers in New York and their
basis of that phone call was that our
teachers wanted to ask Paul basically if
he was transphobic goes back to the
video that Nick just mentioned so she
brought that up and she said that
there's a lot of concern around this
topic in New York at the moment and
because you guys are coming to me of
students who run an event we just want
to make sure that this is address before
you get here the first response was that
that's not news to us we already know
that we've already heard that before and
um we have also addressed it we've also
dressed there and Paul said okay I T I'm
just I'm just a short pause that I -
what do you want me to say do you want
me to just say to you that I'm not
transphobic and she said yeah that would
be nice so she just wanted to hear it
from hose mouth that he's not trying to
I said Artie
I'm not transphobic the basis of the
call was to simply ask me if I was a
transfer or not that's it I mean in what
realm is that classified as reasonable
research as sound research into whether
something is true or not the fact is
I've been labeled a transfer this whole
time and then so for one of our
organizers to approach me like that it
also begs the question that if all you
need for me is to say that I'm not a
transfer in order for you to believe it
what would make me think that you won't
take somebody else's word for it when
they say something to the contrary
and and so I got worked up on the call
and I was raising my voice at no point
did I yell at her right I wasn't cursing
her out or anything like that I was
raising my voice because I was pissed
off it's not just a matter of what
happened on this coal there was other
things brewing yeah they were already
planning on he also lied to us
repeatedly on that call about what
happened on the previous call we had
established that we'll just said that
that court was based on hearing from me
that I'm not a transfer that's what you
want to have a call for then on the
second call she spun it and said that
she just wanted to call discussion with
us and framed it as if it was just an
innocent intention to have a discussion
she contacted Artie to discuss this and
again IPO as being very dismissive she
didn't want to have the conversation so
the decision was to ask you to stand
down as an organizer and then as a
result of that some of the other
organizers in the other chapters in the
area decided to also believe her side of
the story we that have been asking for
our side of the story and they um so
when I gets absurd and leaves the call
because Paul raised his voice a bit out
of frustration and then she will turn
that into something else about her being
abused by us that's just ridiculous
I mean of course if you went up to
herself or anybody else and you ask them
if they're racist or or sexist or if
they're pedophiles etc you're not gonna
get a different response because exactly
what you got said it's shocking and it's
demeaning and it's disrespectful to just
throw an accusation like that at someone
without any edits just straight-up ask
the question
very briefly what is the background to
the transphobia controversy within an
honest with voiceless there is a very
boring podcast or spontaneous interview
that was conducted between the YouTube
or ask yourself and Paul Bashir leader
for non su voices YouTube is very
strange because it can conceal even more
than it discloses the YouTube channel
known as ask yourself its whole history
has been whitewashed and deleted you
can't see what that YouTube channel used
to be like and you have even less of an
idea of what Isaac the main personality
there what he was like on discord
discord is a chat service voice chat
primarily in that case what he was like
for a period of about two years when he
was close friends with several neo-nazis
and white supremacists and when he was
really host to a lot of discussions and
a lot of debates on the far right wing
of the political spectrum including
literal Nazis sir but Isaac was close
friends so let's let's disclaim
something here Isaak himself identifies
as Jewish he's of Jewish heritage to
some extent I've never really talked
about that with him like I've never
talked with him about what is Jewish
heritage means to him or you know how he
feels about it at what his perspective
is but he describes himself as Jewish he
has some Jewish background in case with
that but nevertheless like Isaac was
close personal friends with a guy who
was on YouTube uploading videos that
were literally Pro Adolf Hitler like I
don't mean Nazi in some abstract sense
Pro Hitler and like Julia Savola and he
sort of like called philosophers who
were directly linked if they're in the
Nazi Party so to say there was like a
cloud of controversy around ask yourself
and the connection between publisher and
ask yourself would be an understatement
however there's nothing really contour
in that actual podcast in the video
where ask yourself a stocking publisher
what really happens is that Isaac asked
yourself he he asked some interesting
questions he tries to open some
interesting areas of conversation and
every time Paul Bashir just kind of gets
nervous and it's like no no man we have
we have those problems within anonymous
to the voices but I can't talk about it
yeah we have those allegations there
were those people weekend I can't say
any but and at some points Isak system
like oh look what do you mean like
always tell me and Paul just no budge
nothing yes so people kind of picked up
on the vibe of that video and then again
fairly or unfairly there is this shadow
hanging over ask yourself as a youtube
channel and whatever as a personality in
the internet because of his association
with right-wing and racist figures you
know including most notoriously Corey
McCarthy Corey McCarthy is a white
supremacist and again that's not and not
reading between the lines that's not
exaggerating
Corey McCarthy is a guy who openly
advocated he advocated for all black
people being removed from North America
to make North America white only nation
state and that kind of stuff like real
real racism as a political program so
you know I I mean the only credit I can
give to ask yourself just to be fair and
mentioning this is that he moved on I
mean and his whole discord discussion
surfer moved on I was there one time
more than six months ago I was like
Isaac look what happened to you you used
to be surrounded by these like
right-wing people and neo-nazis
and now you're surrounded by communists
it weren't just left-wing people they
were like extremist communists and there
were several people in the discussion
group who'd been there continuously for
whatever three years at that point or
something like since the beginning and
they said to me you know some of these
guys who are now communist extremists
just like one year ago they were they
were right-wing like racist extremists
but they were like some some of them
were the same people who wouldn't from
one extreme Patiala to the other
look I'm not a fan of ask yourself I'm
not a fan of his channel I'm not a fan
of his approach to vegan activism I'm
not a fan of him personally we're not
friends however I think it's important
for me to fill in on that personal level
that you know there's nothing to see
there's nothing controversial within the
discussion
Paul had with ask yourself but
nevertheless I understand why they were
kind of these rumblings of controversy
and questions that were raised by the
predominantly left-wing followers of an
honors to the voiceless when they saw
this really just really strange and
tense conversation between Paul and and
Isaac I mean I guess you can say that
was a conversation that raised more
questions than it answered these
accusations thrown towards you guys is
weighted so it's a V and art center and
everything like that I find that every
single one of the people that are making
these claims and accusations I always
ask them for evidence or proof and I
never get it and that's 100 percent of
the time the one time that someone did
link into something it was from an a
video poly I guess to Iran
Isaac's YouTube video I asked yourself